CC-14555 Add IG for BAPI and BAPI Merchant Relationships. (#693)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202200.0/back-end-api-integration-guide.md

---

> title: Back End API feature integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Backend API feature integration
```

> description: Integrate the Back End API into your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Integrate the Backend API into your project
```

template: feature-integration-guide-template
---

> # Back End API feature integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Backend API feature integration
```

> This document describes how to integrate the [Back End API]({link to a respective feature overview}) into a Spryker project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to integrate the [Backend API]({link to a respective feature overview}) into a Spryker project.
```

## Install feature core

> Follow the steps below to install the Back End API feature core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to install the Backend API feature core.
```

<!--Provide one or more console commands with the exact latest version numbers of all required modules. If the Composer command contains the modules that are not related to the current feature, move them to the [prerequisites](#prerequisites).-->

Install the required modules:

```bash
composer require spryker/api:"^0.4.0" --update-with-dependencies
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

Make sure that the following modules have been installed:

| MODULE       | EXPECTED DIRECTORY           |
|--------------|------------------------------|
| Api          | vendor/spryker/api           |
| ApiExtension | vendor/spryker/api-extension |

{% endinfo_block %}

### 2) Set up the configuration

Add the following configuration:

| CONFIGURATION                      | SPECIFICATION                                                                          | NAMESPACE          |
|------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|
| ApiConstants::ENABLE_API_DEBUG     | Enables the mode when API response is extended with request parameters and stacktrace. | Spryker\Shared\Api |

> | ApiConfig::isApiEnabled()          | Enables Back End API.                                                                  | Spryker\Zed\Api    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ApiConfig::isApiEnabled()          | Enables Backend API.                                                                  | Spryker\Zed\Api    |
```

    {
        return [
            'VM_DOMAIN',
            'VM_PROJECT',
            'USER',
            'HOME',
            'HTTP_ACCEPT_LANGUAGE',
            'HTTP_ACCEPT_ENCODING',
            'HTTP_ACCEPT',
            'HTTP_USER_AGENT',
            'HTTP_UPGRADE_INSECURE_REQUESTS',
            'HTTP_CACHE_CONTROL',
            'HTTP_CONNECTION',
            'HTTP_HOST',
            'APPLICATION_STORE',
            'APPLICATION_ENV',
            'HTTP_X_REQUEST_START',
            'HTTPS',
            'REDIRECT_STATUS',
            'SERVER_NAME',
            'SERVER_PORT',
            'SERVER_ADDR',
            'REMOTE_PORT',
            'REMOTE_ADDR',
            'SERVER_SOFTWARE',
            'GATEWAY_INTERFACE',
            'SERVER_PROTOCOL',
            'DOCUMENT_ROOT',
            'DOCUMENT_URI',
            'REQUEST_URI',
            'SCRIPT_NAME',
            'SCRIPT_FILENAME',
            'CONTENT_LENGTH',
            'CONTENT_TYPE',
            'REQUEST_METHOD',
            'QUERY_STRING',
            'FCGI_ROLE',
            'PHP_SELF',
            'REQUEST_TIME_FLOAT',
            'REQUEST_TIME',
        ];
    }
}

```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

> Make sure that Back End API is enabled by accessing any back end API resource. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that Backend API is enabled by accessing any backend API resource. 
```

> Make sure, that back end API is extended with request parameters and stacktrace when `ApiConstants::ENABLE_API_DEBUG` is set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that Backend API is extended with request parameters and stacktrace when `ApiConstants::ENABLE_API_DEBUG` is set to `true`.
```

| ApiPagination      | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/ApiPaginationTransfer.php      |
| ApiCollection      | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/ApiCollectionTransfer.php      |
| ApiItem            | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/ApiItemTransfer.php            |
| ApiOptions         | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/ApiOptionsTransfer.php         |
| ApiMeta            | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/ApiMetaTransfer.php            |

{% endinfo_block %}

### 4) Set up behavior
Enable the following behaviors by registering the plugins:

| PLUGIN                                            | SPECIFICATION                                                                                                                | PREREQUISITES | NAMESPACE                                                   |
|---------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|

> | ApiRouterPlugin                                   | Provides `Router` which handles Back End API calls.                                                                          |               | Spryker\Zed\Api\Communication\Plugin\Router                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ApiRouterPlugin                                   | Provides `Router` which handles Backend API calls.                                                                          |               | Spryker\Zed\Api\Communication\Plugin\Router                 |
```

     */
    protected function getBackendApiEventDispatcherPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new MonitoringRequestTransactionEventDispatcherPlugin(),
            new RouterListenerEventDispatcherPlugin(),
            new ResponseListenerEventDispatcherPlugin(),
            new ApiControllerEventDispatcherPlugin(),
            new AutoloaderCacheEventDispatcherPlugin(),
        ];
    }
}

```

**src/Pyz/Zed/Api/ApiDependencyProvider.php**

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Zed\Api;

use Spryker\Zed\Api\ApiDependencyProvider as SprykerApiDependencyProvider;
use Spryker\Zed\Api\Communication\Plugin\ApiRequestTransferFilterHeaderDataPlugin;
use Spryker\Zed\Api\Communication\Plugin\ApiRequestTransferFilterServerDataPlugin;

class ApiDependencyProvider extends SprykerApiDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return array<\Spryker\Zed\Api\Communication\Plugin\ApiRequestTransferFilterPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getApiRequestTransferFilterPluginCollection(): array
    {
        return [
            new ApiRequestTransferFilterServerDataPlugin(),
            new ApiRequestTransferFilterHeaderDataPlugin(),
        ];
    }
}

```

> Create a new entry point for Back End API Application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new entry point for the Backend API application:
```
